---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_disk Data Source - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve information about a specified disk.
---

# oxide_disk (Data Source)

Retrieve information about a specified disk.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the disk.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project that contains the disk.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `block_size` (Number) Size of blocks in bytes.
- `description` (String) Description for the disk.
- `device_path` (String) Path of the disk.
- `disk_type` (String) Type of disk. Must be one of "distributed" or "local".
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the disk.
- `image_id` (String) Image ID of the disk source if applicable.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that contains the disk.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Whether the disk is read-only
- `size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.
- `snapshot_id` (String) Snapshot ID of the disk source if applicable.
- `state` (Attributes) State of the disk. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--state))
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this disk was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this disk was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `state`

Read-Only:

- `instance` (String) ID of the instance the disk is attached to, if any.
- `state` (String) The state of the disk (e.g., detached, attached, creating, etc.).
