---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_floating_ip Data Source - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve information about a specified floating IP.
---

# oxide_floating_ip (Data Source)

Retrieve information about a specified floating IP.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "oxide_floating_ip" "example" {
  project_name = "my-project"
  name         = "app-ingress"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Unique, mutable, user-controlled identifier for the floating IP.
- `project_name` (String) Project name where this floating IP is located.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Human-readable free-form text about the floating IP.
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier for the floating IP.
- `instance_id` (String) Instance ID that this floating IP is attached to, if presently attached.
- `ip` (String) IP address for this floating IP. If unset an IP address will be chosen from the given ip_pool_id.
- `ip_pool_id` (String) IP pool ID to allocate this floating IP from. If unset the silo's default IP pool is used.
- `project_id` (String) Project ID where this floating IP is located.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp when this floating IP was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp when this floating IP was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
