---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_vpc_router_route Data Source - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve information about a specified VPC router route.
---

# oxide_vpc_router_route (Data Source)

Retrieve information about a specified VPC router route.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "oxide_vpc_router_route" "example" {
  project_name    = "my-project"
  name            = "default-v4"
  vpc_name        = "default"
  vpc_router_name = "system"
  timeouts = {
    read = "1m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the VPC router route.
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project that contains the VPC router route.
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC that contains the VPC router route.
- `vpc_router_name` (String) Name of the VPC router that contains the VPC router route.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) Description for the VPC router route.
- `destination` (Attributes) Selects which traffic this routing rule will apply to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the VPC router route.
- `kind` (String) Whether the VPC router is custom or system created.
- `target` (Attributes) Location that matched packets should be forwarded to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC router route was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC router route was last modified.
- `vpc_router_id` (String) ID of the VPC router that contains the VPC router route.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Route destination type. Possible values: `vpc`, `subnet`, `ip`, `ip_net`
- `value` (String) Depending on the type, it will be one of the following:
  - `vpc`: Name of the VPC
  - `subnet`: Name of the VPC subnet
  - `ip`: IP address
  - `ip_net`: IPv4 or IPv6 subnet


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Route destination type. Possible values: vpc, subnet, instance, ip, internet_gateway, drop
- `value` (String) Depending on the type, it will be one of the following:- `vpc`: Name of the VPC - `subnet`: Name of the VPC subnet - `instance`: Name of the instance- `ip`: IP address - `internet_gateway`: name of the internet gateway
