---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_anti_affinity_group Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oxide_anti_affinity_group (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_anti_affinity_group" "example" {
  project_id  = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description = "a test anti-affinity group"
  name        = "my-anti-affinty-group"
  policy      = "allow"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the anti-affinity group.
- `name` (String) Name of the anti-affinity group.
- `policy` (String) Affinity policy used to describe what to do when a request cannot be satisfied
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that will contain the anti-affinity group.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `failure_domain` (String) Describes the scope of affinity for the purposes of co-location.
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the anti-affinity group.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this anti-affinity group was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this anti-affinity group was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
