---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_disk Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oxide_disk (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_disk" "example" {
  project_id  = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description = "a test disk"
  name        = "mydisk"
  size        = 1073741824
  block_size  = 512
}

resource "oxide_disk" "example2" {
  project_id      = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description     = "a test disk"
  name            = "mydisk2"
  size            = 1073741824
  source_image_id = "49118786-ca55-49b1-ae9a-e03f7ce41d8c"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the disk.
- `name` (String) Name of the disk.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that will contain the disk.
- `size` (Number) Size of the disk in bytes.

### Optional

- `block_size` (Number) Size of blocks in bytes.
- `source_image_id` (String) Image ID of the disk source if applicable.
- `source_snapshot_id` (String) Snapshot ID of the disk source if applicable.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `device_path` (String) Path of the disk.
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the image.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this image was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this image was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
