---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_image Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oxide_image (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_image" "example2" {
  project_id         = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description        = "a test image"
  name               = "myimage2"
  source_snapshot_id = "eb65d5cb-d8c5-4eae-bcf3-a0e89a633042"
  os                 = "ubuntu"
  version            = "20.04"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the image.
- `name` (String) Name of the image.
- `os` (String) OS image distribution. Example: alpine
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that will contain the image.
- `source_snapshot_id` (String) Snapshot ID of the image source if applicable.
- `version` (String) OS image version. Example: 3.16.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `block_size` (Number) Size of blocks in bytes.
- `digest` (Attributes) Hash of the image contents, if applicable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--digest))
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the image.
- `size` (Number) Total size in bytes.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this image was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this image was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--digest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `digest`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Digest type.
- `value` (String) Digest type value.
