---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_instance Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages instances.
  !> Updates will stop and start the instance.
  -> When setting a boot disk using boot_disk_id, the boot disk ID must also be present in disk_attachments.
---

# oxide_instance (Resource)

This resource manages instances.

!> Updates will stop and start the instance.

-> When setting a boot disk using `boot_disk_id`, the boot disk ID must also be present in `disk_attachments`.

## Example Usage

### Instance minimal example

```terraform
resource "oxide_instance" "example" {
  project_id       = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description      = "Example instance."
  name             = "myinstance"
  hostname         = "myhostname"
  memory           = 10737418240
  ncpus            = 1
  disk_attachments = ["611bb17d-6883-45be-b3aa-8a186fdeafe8"]
}
```

### Instance with user data and an SSH public key and anti-affinity group

```terraform
resource "oxide_instance" "example" {
  project_id           = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description          = "Example instance."
  name                 = "myinstance"
  hostname             = "myhostname"
  memory               = 10737418240
  ncpus                = 1
  anti_affinity_groups = ["9b9f9be1-96bf-44ad-864a-0dedae3b3999"]
  disk_attachments     = ["611bb17d-6883-45be-b3aa-8a186fdeafe8"]
  ssh_public_keys      = ["066cab1b-c550-4aea-8a80-8422fd3bfc40"]
  user_data            = filebase64("path/to/init.sh")
}
```

### Instance with a custom network interface with resource timeouts

```terraform
resource "oxide_instance" "example" {
  project_id       = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description      = "Example instance."
  name             = "myinstance"
  hostname         = "myhostname"
  memory           = 10737418240
  ncpus            = 1
  disk_attachments = ["611bb17d-6883-45be-b3aa-8a186fdeafe8"]
  network_interfaces = [
    {
      subnet_id   = "066cab1b-c550-4aea-8a80-8422fd3bfc40"
      vpc_id      = "9b9f9be1-96bf-44ad-864a-0dedae3b3999"
      description = "Example network interface."
      name        = "mynic"
    },
  ]
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
  }
}
```

### Instance with external IPs that does not start when created

```terraform
resource "oxide_instance" "example" {
  project_id       = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description      = "Example instance."
  name             = "myinstance"
  hostname         = "myhostname"
  memory           = 10737418240
  ncpus            = 1
  disk_attachments = ["611bb17d-6883-45be-b3aa-8a186fdeafe8"]
  start_on_create  = false
  external_ips = [
    {
      type = "ephemeral"
    },
    {
      id   = "eb65d5cb-d8c5-4eae-bcf3-a0e89a633042"
      type = "floating"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the instance.
- `memory` (Number) Instance memory in bytes.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance.
- `ncpus` (Number) Number of CPUs allocated for this instance.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that will contain the instance.

### Optional

- `anti_affinity_groups` (Set of String) IDs of the anti-affinity groups this instance should belong to.
- `auto_restart_policy` (String) The auto-restart policy for this instance.
- `boot_disk_id` (String) ID of the disk the instance should be booted from. When provided, this ID must also be present in `disk_attachments`.
- `disk_attachments` (Set of String) IDs of the disks to be attached to the instance. When multiple disk IDs are provided, set `boot_disk_id` to specify the boot disk for the instance. Otherwise, a boot disk will be chosen randomly.
- `external_ips` (Attributes Set) External IP addresses provided to this instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_ips))
- `host_name` (String, Deprecated) Host name of the instance.
- `hostname` (String) Hostname of the instance.
- `network_interfaces` (Attributes Set) Network interface devices attached to the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interfaces))
- `ssh_public_keys` (Set of String) An allowlist of IDs of the SSH public keys to be transferred to the instance via cloud-init during instance creation.
- `start_on_create` (Boolean) Whether to start the instance on creation.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `user_data` (String) User data for instance initialization systems (such as cloud-init).
Must be a Base64-encoded string, as specified in [RFC 4648 ยง 4](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc4648#section-4).
Maximum 32 KiB unencoded data.

### Read-Only

- `external_ip_info` (Attributes) Information about the external IP addresses associated with this instance, grouped by kind. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_ip_info))
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the instance.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this instance was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this instance was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--external_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_ips`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of external IP. Must be one of `ephemeral` or `floating`.

Optional:

- `id` (String) If `type` is `ephemeral`, ID of the IP pool to retrieve addresses from, or all available pools if not specified. If `type` is `floating`, ID of the floating IP.


<a id="nestedatt--network_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interfaces`

Required:

- `description` (String) Description for the instance network interface.
- `name` (String) Name of the instance network interface.
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the VPC subnet in which to create the instance network interface.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC in which to create the instance network interface.

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address for the instance network interface. One will be auto-assigned if not provided.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the instance network interface.
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address assigned to the instance network interface.
- `primary` (Boolean) True if this is the primary network interface for the instance to which it's attached to.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this instance network interface was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this instance network interface was last modified.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--external_ip_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_ip_info`

Read-Only:

- `ephemeral` (Attributes List) Ephemeral IP addresses associated with this instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_ip_info--ephemeral))
- `floating` (Attributes List) Floating IP addresses attached to this instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_ip_info--floating))
- `snat` (Attributes List) Source NAT IP addresses used for outbound connectivity. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_ip_info--snat))

<a id="nestedatt--external_ip_info--ephemeral"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_ip_info.ephemeral`

Read-Only:

- `ip` (String) The IP address.
- `ip_pool_id` (String) ID of the IP Pool from which the address is taken.


<a id="nestedatt--external_ip_info--floating"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_ip_info.floating`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Human-readable free-form text about the floating IP.
- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier for the floating IP.
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance this floating IP is attached to.
- `ip` (String) The IP address.
- `ip_pool_id` (String) ID of the IP Pool this floating IP belongs to.
- `name` (String) Unique, mutable, user-controlled identifier for the floating IP.
- `project_id` (String) The project this floating IP exists within.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp when this floating IP was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp when this floating IP was last modified.


<a id="nestedatt--external_ip_info--snat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_ip_info.snat`

Read-Only:

- `first_port` (Number) The first usable port within the IP address.
- `ip` (String) The IP address.
- `ip_pool_id` (String) ID of the IP Pool from which the address is taken.
- `last_port` (Number) The last usable port within the IP address.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import oxide_instance.example 3e2c6e84-bed8-4c94-afc3-1032082d6a90
```
