---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_ip_pool_silo_link Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages IP pool to silo links.
---

# oxide_ip_pool_silo_link (Resource)

This resource manages IP pool to silo links.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_ip_pool_silo_link" "example" {
  silo_id    = "1fec2c21-cf22-40d8-9ebd-e5b57ebec80f"
  ip_pool_id = "081a331d-5ee4-4a23-ac8b-328af5e15cdc"
  is_default = true
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip_pool_id` (String) ID of the IP pool that will be linked to the silo.
- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default IP pool for a silo. Only a single IP pool silo link can be marked as default
- `silo_id` (String) ID of the silo to link the IP pool to.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the IP pool silo link.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
