---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_ip_pool Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oxide_ip_pool (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_ip_pool" "example" {
  description = "a test IP pool"
  name        = "myippool"
  ranges = [
    {
      first_address = "172.20.18.227"
      last_address  = "172.20.18.239"
    }
  ]
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the IP Pool.
- `name` (String) Name of the IP Pool.

### Optional

- `ranges` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ranges))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the IP Pool.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this IP Pool was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this IP Pool was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--ranges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ranges`

Required:

- `first_address` (String) First address in the range
- `last_address` (String) Last address in the range


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
