---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_project Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages projects.
---

# oxide_project (Resource)

This resource manages projects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_project" "example" {
  description = "a test project"
  name        = "myproject"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the project.
- `name` (String) Name of the project.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the project.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this project was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this project was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import oxide_project.example 3e2c6e84-bed8-4c94-afc3-1032082d6a90
```
