---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_snapshot Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages snapshots.
  -> This resource currently only provides create, read and delete actions. An update requires a resource replacement.
---

# oxide_snapshot (Resource)

This resource manages snapshots.

-> This resource currently only provides create, read and delete actions. An update requires a resource replacement.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_snapshot" "example2" {
  project_id  = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description = "a test snapshot"
  name        = "mysnapshot"
  disk_id     = "49118786-ca55-49b1-ae9a-e03f7ce41d8c"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the snapshot.
- `disk_id` (String) ID of the disk to create the snapshot from.
- `name` (String) Name of the snapshot.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that will contain the snapshot.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the snapshot.
- `size` (Number) Size of the snapshot in bytes.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this snapshot was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this snapshot was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
