---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_ssh_key Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages SSH keys.
---

# oxide_ssh_key (Resource)

This resource manages SSH keys.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_ssh_key" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "Example SSH key."
  public_key  = "ssh-ed25519 AAAC3NzaC1lZI1NTE5AAAAIE1clIQrzlQNqxgvpCCUFOcTTFDOaqV+aocfsDZxqB"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the SSH key.
- `name` (String) Name of the SSH key. Names must begin with a lower case ASCII letter, be
composed exclusively of lowercase ASCII, uppercase ASCII, numbers, and `-`,
and may not end with a `-`. Names cannot be a UUID though they may contain a
UUID.
- `public_key` (String) Public SSH key.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the SSH key.
- `silo_user_id` (String) User ID that owns this SSH key.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this SSH key was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this SSH key was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
