---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_subnet_pool_member Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages a member (subnet) within a subnet pool.
---

# oxide_subnet_pool_member (Resource)

This resource manages a member (subnet) within a subnet pool.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subnet` (String) The subnet CIDR to add to the pool (e.g., '10.0.0.0/16').
- `subnet_pool_id` (String) ID of the subnet pool this member belongs to.

### Optional

- `max_prefix_length` (Number) Maximum prefix length for allocations from this subnet. Defaults to 32 for IPv4 and 128 for IPv6.
- `min_prefix_length` (Number) Minimum prefix length for allocations from this subnet. Defaults to the subnet's prefix length.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the subnet pool member.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this subnet pool member was created.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
