---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_subnet_pool Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages subnet pools. Use oxide_subnet_pool_member to add members to the pool.
---

# oxide_subnet_pool (Resource)

This resource manages subnet pools. Use `oxide_subnet_pool_member` to add members to the pool.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the subnet pool.
- `ip_version` (String) The IP version for this pool. All subnets in the pool must match this version.
- `name` (String) Name of the subnet pool.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the subnet pool.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this subnet pool was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this subnet pool was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
