---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_subnet_pool_silo_link Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages subnet pool to silo links.
---

# oxide_subnet_pool_silo_link (Resource)

This resource manages subnet pool to silo links.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `is_default` (Boolean) Whether this is the default subnet pool for the silo. When true, external subnet allocations that don't specify a pool use this one.
- `silo_id` (String) ID of the silo to link the subnet pool to.
- `subnet_pool_id` (String) ID of the subnet pool that will be linked to the silo.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier for this resource, formatted as `subnet_pool_id/silo_id`.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
