---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_switch_port_settings Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# oxide_switch_port_settings (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_switch_port_settings" "example" {
  name        = "example"
  description = "Example switch port settings."

  port_config = {
    geometry = "qsfp28x1"
  }

  addresses = [
    {
      link_name = "phy0"
      addresses = [
        {
          address        = "0.0.0.0/32"
          address_lot_id = "bc9d4ae4-8403-41db-8d08-b2380d6b898f"
        },
      ]
    },
  ]

  bgp_peers = [
    {
      link_name = "phy0"
      peers = [
        {
          address = "192.168.1.1"
          allowed_export = {
            type = "no_filtering"
          }
          allowed_import = {
            type = "no_filtering"
          }
          bgp_config       = "0a30b48d-f726-40dd-87e0-7174c7bee84a"
          communities      = []
          connect_retry    = 10
          delay_open       = 10
          enforce_first_as = false
          hold_time        = 10
          idle_hold_time   = 10
          interface_name   = "phy0"
          keepalive        = 10
        }
      ]
    }
  ]

  links = [
    {
      link_name = "phy0"
      autoneg   = false
      mtu       = 1500
      speed     = "speed1_g"
      lldp = {
        enabled = true
      }
    },
    {
      link_name = "phy1"
      autoneg   = false
      mtu       = 1500
      speed     = "speed10_g"
      lldp = {
        enabled = true
      }
    },
  ]

  routes = [
    {
      link_name = "phy0"
      routes = [
        {
          dst = "0.0.0.0/0"
          gw  = "0.0.0.0"
        },
      ]
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (Attributes Set) Address configuration for the switch port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses))
- `description` (String) Human-readable description of the switch port settings.
- `links` (Attributes Set) Link configuration for the switch port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `name` (String) Name of the switch port settings.
- `port_config` (Attributes) Physical port configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_config))

### Optional

- `bgp_peers` (Attributes Set) BGP peer configuration for the switch port. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_peers))
- `routes` (Attributes Set) Static route configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the switch port settings.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when the switch port settings were created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when the switch port settings were last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses`

Required:

- `addresses` (Attributes Set) Set of addresses to assign to the link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses--addresses))
- `link_name` (String) Name of the link for the address configuration.

<a id="nestedatt--addresses--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses.addresses`

Required:

- `address` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address, including the subnet mask.
- `address_lot_id` (String) Address lot the address is allocated from.

Optional:

- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID for the address.



<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Required:

- `autoneg` (Boolean) Whether to enable auto-negotiation for this link.
- `link_name` (String) Name of the link.
- `lldp` (Attributes) Link Layer Discovery Protocol (LLDP) configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links--lldp))
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) for this link.
- `speed` (String) Link speed.

Optional:

- `fec` (String) Forward error correction (FEC) type.
- `tx_eq` (Attributes) Transceiver equalization settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links--tx_eq))

<a id="nestedatt--links--lldp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links.lldp`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable LLDP on this link.

Optional:

- `chassis_id` (String) LLDP chassis ID.
- `link_description` (String) LLDP link description.
- `link_name` (String) LLDP link name.
- `management_ip` (String) LLDP management IP address.
- `system_description` (String) LLDP system description.
- `system_name` (String) LLDP system name.


<a id="nestedatt--links--tx_eq"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links.tx_eq`

Optional:

- `main` (Number) Main tap equalization value.
- `post1` (Number) Post-cursor tap1 equalization value.
- `post2` (Number) Post-cursor tap2 equalization value.
- `pre1` (Number) Pre-cursor tap1 equalization value.
- `pre2` (Number) Pre-cursor tap2 equalization value.



<a id="nestedatt--port_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_config`

Required:

- `geometry` (String) Port geometry.


<a id="nestedatt--bgp_peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_peers`

Required:

- `link_name` (String) Name of the link for the BGP peers configuration.
- `peers` (Attributes Set) Set of BGP peers configuration to assign to the link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_peers--peers))

<a id="nestedatt--bgp_peers--peers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_peers.peers`

Required:

- `allowed_export` (Attributes) Export policy for the peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_peers--peers--allowed_export))
- `allowed_import` (Attributes) Import policy for the peer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp_peers--peers--allowed_import))
- `bgp_config` (String) Name or ID of the global BGP configuration used for establishing a session with this peer.
- `communities` (Set of Number) BGP communities to apply to this peer's routes.
- `connect_retry` (Number) Number of seconds to wait before retrying a TCP connection.
- `delay_open` (Number) Number of seconds to delay sending an open request after establishing a TCP session.
- `enforce_first_as` (Boolean) Whether to enforce that the first autonomous system in paths received from this peer is the peer's autonomous system.
- `hold_time` (Number) Number of seconds to hold peer connections between keepalives.
- `idle_hold_time` (Number) Number of seconds to hold a peer in idle before attempting a new session.
- `interface_name` (String) Name of the interface to use for this BGP peer session.
- `keepalive` (Number) Number of seconds between sending BGP keepalive requests.

Optional:

- `address` (String) Address of the host to peer with. If not provided, this is an unnumbered BGP session that will be established over the interface specified by `interface_name`.
- `local_pref` (Number) BGP local preference value for routes received from this peer.
- `md5_auth_key` (String) MD5 authentication key for this BGP session.
- `min_ttl` (Number) Minimum acceptable TTL for BGP packets from this peer.
- `multi_exit_discriminator` (Number) Multi-exit discriminator (MED) to advertise to this peer.
- `remote_asn` (Number) Remote autonomous system number for this BGP peer.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID for this BGP peer session.

<a id="nestedatt--bgp_peers--peers--allowed_export"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_peers.peers.allowed_export`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of filter to apply.

Optional:

- `value` (Set of String) IPv4 or IPv6 address to apply the filter to, including the subnet mask.


<a id="nestedatt--bgp_peers--peers--allowed_import"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp_peers.peers.allowed_import`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of filter to apply.

Optional:

- `value` (Set of String) IPv4 or IPv6 address to apply the filter to, including the subnet mask.




<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes`

Required:

- `link_name` (String) Name of the link for these routes.
- `routes` (Attributes Set) Set of static routes for this link. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes--routes))

<a id="nestedatt--routes--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `routes.routes`

Required:

- `dst` (String) Destination network in CIDR notation.
- `gw` (String) Gateway IP address for this route.

Optional:

- `rib_priority` (Number) Routing Information Base (RIB) priority for this route.
- `vid` (Number) VLAN ID for this route.



<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import oxide_switch_port_settings.example 3e2c6e84-bed8-4c94-afc3-1032082d6a90
```
