---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_vpc Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages VPCs.
---

# oxide_vpc (Resource)

This resource manages VPCs.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_vpc" "example" {
  project_id  = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description = "a test vpc"
  name        = "myvpc"
  dns_name    = "my-vpc-dns"
  ipv6_prefix = "fd1e:4947:d4a1::/48"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the VPC.
- `dns_name` (String) DNS name of the VPC.
- `name` (String) Name of the VPC.
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that will contain the VPC.

### Optional

- `ipv6_prefix` (String) DNS name of the VPC.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the VPC.
- `system_router_id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the system router.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
