---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_vpc_internet_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages VPC internet gateways.
---

# oxide_vpc_internet_gateway (Resource)

This resource manages VPC internet gateways.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_vpc_internet_gateway" "example" {
  vpc_id      = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description = "a sample VPC internet gateway"
  name        = "myinternetgateway"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the VPC internet gateway.
- `name` (String) Name of the VPC internet gateway.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC that will contain the VPC internet gateway.

### Optional

- `cascade_delete` (Boolean) Whether to also delete routes targeting the VPC internet gateway when deleting the VPC internet gateway.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the VPC internet gateway.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC internet gateway was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC internet gateway was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import oxide_vpc_internet_gateway.example 3e2c6e84-bed8-4c94-afc3-1032082d6a90
```
