---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_vpc_subnet Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages VPC subnets.
---

# oxide_vpc_subnet (Resource)

This resource manages VPC subnets.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_vpc_subnet" "example" {
  vpc_id      = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description = "a sample vpc subnet"
  name        = "mysubnet"
  ipv4_block  = "192.168.0.0/16"
  ipv6_block  = "fdfe:f6a5:5f06:a643::/64"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the VPC subnet.
- `ipv4_block` (String) IPv4 address range for this VPC subnet. It must be allocated from an RFC 1918 private address range, and must not overlap with any other existing subnet in the VPC.
- `name` (String) Name of the VPC subnet.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC that will contain the subnet.

### Optional

- `ipv6_block` (String) IPv6 address range for this VPC subnet. It must be allocated from the RFC 4193 Unique Local Address range, with the prefix equal to the parent VPC's prefix. A random `/64` block will be assigned if one is not provided. It must not overlap with any existing subnet in the VPC.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the VPC subnet.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC subnet was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC subnet was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import oxide_vpc_subnet.example 3e2c6e84-bed8-4c94-afc3-1032082d6a90
```
