---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_vpc_router_route Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages VPC router routes.
---

# oxide_vpc_router_route (Resource)

This resource manages VPC router routes.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_vpc_router_route" "example" {
  vpc_router_id = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description   = "a sample VPC router route"
  name          = "myroute"
  destination = {
    type  = "ip_net"
    value = "::/0"
  }
  target = {
    type  = "ip"
    value = "::1"
  }
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the VPC router route.
- `destination` (Attributes) Selects which traffic this routing rule applies to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `name` (String) Name of the VPC router route.
- `target` (Attributes) Location that matching packets should be forwarded to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `vpc_router_id` (String) ID of the VPC router route that will contain the route.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the VPC router route.
- `kind` (String) Whether the VPC router route is custom or system created.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC router route was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC router route was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Required:

- `type` (String) Route destination type. Possible values: `vpc`, `subnet`, `ip`, `ip_net`.
- `value` (String) Depending on the type, it will be one of the following:
  - `vpc`: Name of the VPC.
  - `subnet`: Name of the VPC subnet.
  - `ip`: IP address.
  - `ip_net`: IPv4 or IPv6 subnet.


<a id="nestedatt--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target`

Required:

- `type` (String) Route destination type. Possible values: `vpc`, `subnet`, `instance`, `ip`, `internet_gateway`, `drop`.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Depending on the type, it will be one of the following:
  - `vpc`: Name of the VPC.
  - `subnet`: Name of the VPC subnet.
  - `instance`: Name of the instance.
  - `ip`: IP address.
  - `internet_gateway`: Name of the internet gateway.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import oxide_vpc_router_route.example 3e2c6e84-bed8-4c94-afc3-1032082d6a90
```
