---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "oxide_vpc_router Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource manages VPC routers.
---

# oxide_vpc_router (Resource)

This resource manages VPC routers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "oxide_vpc_router" "example" {
  vpc_id      = "c1dee930-a8e4-11ed-afa1-0242ac120002"
  description = "a sample vpc router"
  name        = "myrouter"
  timeouts = {
    read   = "1m"
    create = "3m"
    delete = "2m"
    update = "2m"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description for the VPC Router.
- `name` (String) Name of the VPC router.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC that will contain the VPC router.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Unique, immutable, system-controlled identifier of the VPC router.
- `kind` (String) Whether the VPC router is custom or system created.
- `time_created` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC router was created.
- `time_modified` (String) Timestamp of when this VPC router was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
